The Computer Systems
====================

The computer systems of the satellite consist of two parts. The On Board
Computer (OBC) which interfaces between the Android Phone and the rest
of the Satellite, and the Android Phone which will serve as the Inertial
Measurement Unit (IMU).

--------------

The OBC
-------

The OBC will handle the processing of radio signals to and from the home
base as well as send data across the Radio Waves.

The OBC consists of: 1. USB Connection to the Phone 2. Radio Signal
Module 4. Packetizer 3. Heartbeat functionality

The USB Connection will allow the OBC to interface with the Android
Phone, getting important IMU data to maneuver the satellite and any
images the phone takes. The Radio Signal Module will interface with the
two antennas on Râ€™Satellite and send data on regular pulses (as well as
receive data). The packetizer module will transform any received data
into bytes that can be sent to the Phone and processed there. The
packetizer will also take data from the Phone and transform them into a
packet in order to send more than engineering data across the waves. The
Heartbeat function is there to prevent any errors that could shut the
Phone or Application on the Phone off. Every couple of seconds, the
function will send a pulse through the USB to ensure the application is
properly running. The phone needs to respond with a pulse back,
otherwise after a set amount of time the Phone will be restarted by the
OBC (restart not yet designed though).

--------------

The Android Phone
-----------------

The Android Phone will serve as the IMU of the entire Satellite and the
only method to take pictures while in space.

The Android Phone Application will consist of: 1. Sensor Module 2.
Vector class 3. Camera Module 4. Image Processor 5. Image Cropping 6.
Color Formatting 7. Image Analyzer 8. Image Compression 9. USB
Connection to the OBC 10. Auto-start/Auto-reboot function

The Sensor Module is the section of the Application which will snoop
through all the sensors of the Phone and return Linear/Rotational
Velocity, Magnetometer data, and GPS information. The Sensor Module
must, of course, include a Vector class to manage the information
measured by the sensors on the phone. The Camera Module consists of
itself, to take the picture, and then an Image Processor to format the
image taken and ensure that the image/video is not too large. Then the
Image Analyzer will compress this image/video and send it through the
USB connection to be packetized and sent back to Earth. The USB
Connection will simply connect the Android Phone to the OBC. The
Auto-start/Auto-reboot function will ensure the program automatically
starts when the phone is restarted whether by itself or by the OBC.
